sup guys this is band your videos here
and today's video I'm going to show you
all these anger
Stella plushies that I bought alright
let's go let's go first with poppy okay
this is poppy it's a cool bird and her
she can Oh should do is spin like a
tornado tornado thing just like Crash
Bandicoot which is reminds me at the
character that plays it looks really
good I really love that design oh I also
like that new tags and it's pink it just
says a verse Stella uh-uh
so yeah the this is poppy next one this
is Luka it's it's a little it's the
little cute bird of the flock which is
the most youngest bird then Bluebird and
bubbles I really like that design I like
I liked his eyes the beak the tail is
looks blue and it can also just can
break a glass okay next up I don't know
how to pronounce her name what's her
name uh Dale til huh uh uh I'm sorry I
thought I don't know how to pronounce
her name so she looks really cool I
really like that the odd design it even
her top of the feathers of the head
which it goes together I really liked it
next up is willow she's my fader bird
because she can she can spin and okay
let's get back alright uh this is her
hat I think it's some kind of a like a
batter's I think uh rice she doesn't
have a tail
oops and that's and that is about it
from willow she's my favorite bird the
last one is gal the queen of the the
queen of the bird oh the one she decided
to eat the team of the pigs also
handsome Pig they haven't made him as a
plushie yet well I really like that
design I love the crown uh I like so is
that her cape I think yeah I don't know
see I love the way when she was mad mad
and her beak and that's everything well
that that it that is all my anger Stella
plushies but they do have Stella but I
already have her already a long time ago
since I got I got her since Claire's
it's that's a store name I just I just
bought her between the difference of
designs like this one it's between the
difference I didn't bought it because
well as I said again I just already have
her well it's between the difference of
the angry Stella design and the original
Angry Birds like this one she's just
staring
she was staring into the left the anger
Estella's version is she was looking
look in the context on you hmm well that
is a wreath that is a review of anger
Brucella plush toys mmm probably I'll
make a worse tell a series I think I'm
not sure uh anyways well Lucca it's only
a boy it's a boy yeah I know well thanks
for watching more videos are coming soon
also new episode of plants for zombies
is coming for today well see ya